Ka: Yes
Yes ~ ~ ~!
To: Puddle Bond Please-Ka: Please
To: Hey, let's do our best for videos every day. Ka: Let's do our best
To: There are Ramne and Tonkachi here
Ka: I understand you
To: Yeah, I guess you probably haven't seen anyone
Ka: No, I haven't seen this Ramune.
Ka: It's YouTube's Lamune
Ka: We used to go to YouTube space before
Ka: There, it was distributed
To: Ramne
Ka: I'm Ramune.
Ka: Today's plan is this Ramune's
Ka: I'm here right now
Ka: I wonder if marbles come out here
Ka: I'm going to take out this marble
To: I like
Ka: Everyone has thought of it
Ka: That's fine, I'll go
To: Chika Ka: Hello
Ka: Anyway
Ka: Do you want to be here in Tonka?
To: Good
Ka: I'm sorry, let's do something with fun
To: All right? This is how I can
To: Can I do it? I'll hit you
To: Eh
Ooh
To: That's amazing! I'm sorry I'm excited now
To: That's amazing
Ka: I'm gonna come out with marbles
To: Here
To: I want to take out this marble
Ka: It feels like summer, too
To: With your power, where do you open this way?
To: Oh, that's right?
To: Can you open it a bit here? Ka: When I open it I have nothing to say
To: Oh, but I wonder if it's not going to open
Ka: I won't open at all.
To: I finished drinking
Ka: What is it?
To: It's usually glass
Ka: Hey ... watch out
Ka: That's fine: Ryouta?
Ka: Ryota Feffeffeffe
Ka: Feffeff
Ka: Yes, I'm fine: Ikumasu
To: 3, 2, 1 Ka: Can I do it?
To: That ka: Is that there?
To: The marbles were huge
Ka: You're dangerous because it's dangerous
Ka: That's not such a video
To: The marbles are gone
Ka: I'm sorry for the trouble.
To: The hand is fine, but
To: Only marbles Ne
Ka: I guess not? originally
To: There was
To: Because
Ka: Really!
To: Transparent
Ka: To you? See and see
To: It's beautiful
Ka: Oh, right?
Ka: It's not soda color
Ka: Eh, something, I thought it was a light blue color
To: It's just white Ka: Because the bin is that color
To: Yes, indeed
Ka: It's white.
T: Do not drop
Ka: Are you in?
Ka: I mean, I mean, yes.
Ka: It was over, but it was over
Ka: I was preparing this too
To: Naa
To: Even though I prepared the hammer,
Ka: No, I'm going to do that, and I have to split unexpectedly
To: Yeah, I thought it would not break
Ka: I wonder if this is
Ka: Let's do dynamic
To: Yes, it was easily broken
To:
Ka: Ramne
To: Ramne's, eh ... in the marbles?
To: I tried to take out, it was transparent
Ka: Actually this was a surprise that was transparent
To: Yes, it was the puddle bond of today
Ka: Yes please subscribe
To: It was tomorrow-